# freeCodeCamp-Front End Development Libraries Certification

#### For me, this was an entirely new configuration. Here I studied the fundamentals of a number of the well-known front-end frameworks and technologies, including Bootstrap, JQuery, SASS, React JS, and Redux. During this certification they gave me modules and tasks to complete while they explained each topic to me, and in the conclusion, I was given 5 projects to complete in order to earn the certificate. These projects were as follows:
  - Random Quote Machine
  - Markdown Previewer
  - Drum Machine
  - JavaScript Calculator
  - 25 + 5 Clock

#### 1. Random Quote Machine: This webpage is designed to display random quotes. Every time the "New Quote" button is hit, these random quotes are displayed, and as soon as this button is pressed, the page's background colour and the buttons' colours change at random. The page also has two additional buttons, one for copying the quotes and the other for posting them as a tweet directly to Twitter.<br><br>Built with: HTML, CSS, JavaScript<br>View it here: https://codepen.io/saivalpadasu/full/poZoapN <br><br><hr>
#### 2. Markdown Previewer: This webpage is designed to convert the text into markdown text. There are two terminals in this page, one terminal is for typing in the input and the other is for viewing the output simultaneously. The input text in this case is inputted as a generic text with a few additional notations; these notations are recognised by the previewer in the background and transformed to markdown.<br><br>Built with: React JS, CSS, BootStrap<br>View it here: https://codepen.io/saivalpadasu/full/KKBwrEQ <br><br><hr>
#### 3. Drum Machine: One of my favourite websites from this course is this one. This drum machine displays the name of the sound that was played as well as plays various sounds dependent on the buttons that are clicked on the screen. Keyboard key can be used to alter these sounds as well. These keyboard keys, which must be pressed in order to play a specific sound, are listed on the button label. <br><br>Built with: HTML, CSS, JavaScript<br>View it here: https://codepen.io/saivalpadasu/full/LYBVmxY <br><br><hr>
#### 4. JavaScript Calculator: Here I have designed a basic calculator which perfroms basic math operations such as add, subtract, divide and multiply. This calculator has two display, one will display the current operation happening and the other will display the previous value calculated which will be combined to the current operation. <br><br>Built with: HTML, CSS, JavaScript<br>View it here: https://codepen.io/saivalpadasu/full/eYjpEZK <br><br><hr>
#### 5. 25 + 5 Clock: Here I have designed a countdown stopwatch that intially starts with a session lenght of 25 minutes and with a break length set to 5minutes. Noth these lengths are variable and can be increased or decreases by clicking on their respective buttons displayed on the screen. The clock also has two other buttons, one for resetting the clock and the other for pausing and resuming the clock. <br><br>Built with: React JS, CSS<br>View it here: https://codepen.io/saivalpadasu/full/JjBKYqr <br><br>

### Here is the code for all the projects that I have developed to receive the Certificate of Completion.
